docs: Clarified Python get started steps (#5029)
dagger/dagger: docs/current/sdk/python/628797-get-started.md

## Step 1: Install the Dagger Python SDK

:::note
The Dagger Python SDK requires [Python 3.10 or later](https://docs.python.org/3/using/index.html). 
:::

> Create a [virtual environment](https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/tutorials/installing-packages/#creating-virtual-environments) for your project (if you don't already have one):

Reviewer: I would keep the "For example:" at the end. It's to clarify that there's other ways to do this. I don't even like putting `.venv` in the current dir and most people use some tool to manage this (e.g., virtualenv, poetry, conda...).

Author: Done

> The Dagger Python SDK requires [Python 3.10 or later](https://docs.python.org/3/using/index.html). Using a [virtual environment](https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/tutorials/installing-packages/#creating-virtual-environments) is recommended.
> :::
> 
> Create a virtual environment for your project (if you don't already have one):
> 
> ```shell
> python3 -m venv .venv && source .venv/bin/activate
> ```
> 

Reviewer: Right above this, there's this note: **Using a [virtual environment](https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/tutorials/installing-packages/#creating-virtual-environments) is recommended.**

That link takes you to instructions on how to set it up, problem is that users may be glancing over the note.

We should combine both of these. Perhaps something like this:

```suggestion
The Dagger Python SDK requires [Python 3.10 or later](https://docs.python.org/3/using/index.html). 
:::

Create a [virtual environment](https://packaging.python.org/en/latest/tutorials/installing-packages/#creating-virtual-environments) for your project (if you don't already have one). Example:

```shell
python3 -m venv .venv && source .venv/bin/activate
```
